[Elastic Agent] Add process error handling guidelines (#29152)
elastic/beats: x-pack/elastic-agent/GUIDELINES.md

# Guidelines

This document contains architecture details around Elastic Agent and guidelines on how new inputs and processes should be built.

## Processes running as service and error handling

> All the processes started by Elastic Agent are running as service. Each service is expected to handle local errors on its own and continue working. A process should only fail on startup if a non valid configuration is passed in. As soon as a process is running and partial updates to the config are made without restart, the service is expected to keep running but report the errors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All the processes started by Elastic Agent are running as service. Each service is expected to handle local errors on its own and continue working. A process should only fail on startup if an invalid configuration is passed in. As soon as a process is running and partial updates to the config are made without restart, the service is expected to keep running but report the errors.
```
